feat: add ip allow-list route-service (#239)
SAP-samples/cf-routing-samples: ip-allow-listing-route-service/README.md

# IP Allow-List Route Service

A simple GoLang application that implements the [route service contract](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/services/route-services.html)
of Cloud Foundry and checks the client IP address against an allow-list before passing on the
request. This requires the `x-cf-true-client-ip` header to be set by the foundation which is the
case on [SAP BTP, Cloud Foundry runtime](https://www.sap.com/products/technology-platform/btp-cloud-foundry-runtime.html).

## Usage

> [!CAUTION]
>
> This is a sample application that is only intended to demonstrate the general idea. It is not
> production grade.

> To deploy the application you will first need an application you want to put this in front of, as

Author: Rephrased, please have another look.

well as an allow-list. The allow-list should contain one CIDR per line, empty lines and lines
starting with a `#` are ignored. Example:

```
# This is a comment
10.0.0.0/8
127.0.0.0/8
# The following lines will be ignored

```

Put this file into the app directory next to the manifest file and name it `allowlist.txt`. Now you
can push the application like this (you may need to adjust the domain depending on the region):

```

> cf push -f ./manifest.yml --var domain=cfapps.eu10.hana.ondemand.com --var suffix=foo

Reviewer: I think we use "landscape domain" as term for the other samples, not an explicit SAP landscape URL.

Reviewer: I wouldn't want to pin this on a particular landscape. You can also use a made up system domain, e.g. `cf.example.com`?

Author: Done.

```

This pushes the app and makes it available at `ip-allow-list-rs-foo.cfapps.eu10.hana.ondemand.com`.
Now we can turn it into a route service and bind it to an already existing route, provide the
domain and host of the route you want restrict access to:

```
cf create-user-provided-service allow-listing -r https://ip-allow-listing-rs-foo.cfapps.eu10.hana.ondemand.com
cf bind-route-service <DOMAIN> --hostname <HOST> allow-listing
```

See the help pages of the individual commands for extended options.

Now every request sent to the route you have bound the route-service to will pass through the

> allow-listing route-service and is only forwarded if the client IP adress is allow-listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allow-listing route-service and is only forwarded to the workload application if the client IP address is allow-listed.
```

(or something similar, again distinguish the different "applications" to be 100% clear)

Author: Made a different proposal, please check again.
